feat: improvements on glossary brotli_compression (#33432)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/brotli_compression/index.md

{{GlossarySidebar}}

**Brotli** is a general-purpose lossless compression algorithm.

> It compresses data using a combination of a modern variant of the [Lempel-Ziv coding](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LZ77_and_LZ78#LZ77) LZ77 algorithm, [Huffman coding](https://rosettacode.org/wiki/Huffman_coding), and second-order context modeling, providing a compression ratio comparable to the best currently available general-purpose compression methods. The specific Brotli Compressed Data Format defined in [RFC 7932](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7932).

Reviewer: We generally don't want people to go to specs first. So will remove the specific link here, and highlight more clearly what the RFC is in the see also section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It compresses data using a combination of a modern variant of the [Lempel-Ziv coding](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LZ77_and_LZ78#LZ77) LZ77 algorithm, [Huffman coding](https://rosettacode.org/wiki/Huffman_coding), and second-order context modeling, providing a compression ratio comparable to the best currently available general-purpose compression methods.
```

**Brotli** is a general-purpose lossless compression algorithm.
It compresses data using a combination of a modern variant of the [Lempel-Ziv coding](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LZ77_and_LZ78#LZ77) LZ77 algorithm, [Huffman coding](https://rosettacode.org/wiki/Huffman_coding), and second-order context modeling, providing a compression ratio comparable to the best currently available general-purpose compression methods.

> Brotli provides better compression ratios than {{glossary("GZip_compression", "gzip")}}, and the speeds of it are comparable with deflate. Though, brotli compression is a slower process than Gzip compression, so gzip may be a better option for the compression of non-{{glossary("Cache", "cacheable")}} content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Brotli provides better compression ratios than {{glossary("GZip_compression", "gzip")}}, and speeds that are comparable to [deflate](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deflate).
However brotli compression is slower than Gzip compression, so gzip may be a better option when compressing {{glossary("Cache", "non-cacheable")}} content.
```

- {{glossary("Lossy compression")}}
- [brotli.org](https://brotli.org/)
- [Brotli GitHub repository](https://github.com/google/brotli)

> - [RFC 7932](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7932)

Reviewer: Let's say what this is here.

```suggestion
- [RFC 7932: Brotli Compressed Data Format](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7932)
```
